Update Golang release (#89)
sigstore/protobuf-specs: RELEASE.md

### Go

> Prepare a tag with the pattern `v.X.Y.Z` and push it. No workflow is needed.

Reviewer: Small typo?

```suggestion
Prepare a tag with the pattern `vX.Y.Z` and push it. No workflow is needed.
```
